What are you doing here?
Yeah, the guy's supposed to do it.
That was the show.
It was good.
It ran longer than I expected.
Which is why I'm moving away.
Listen, I want to just say thank you for supporting me my dream.
I know that you're working really hard to keep us going.
Hey, when you make it big,
I'll just be counting on you to make it up to me.
Hmm.
Okay with that.
So, how's Clark doing?
Clark's mom is sick.
And her treatment is expensive.
I think he needs our help.
Yeah, I mean of course I'll do anything I can to help.
Actually, I was thinking that you might.
That's the thing.
A big agency wants to sign Clark.
This could be his big break.
Barney!
That's incredible.
I mean this could change everything for him.
There's a catch.
The agency has this policy.
They only sign actors who are single.
So if you really love him, now's the time to decide.